Add first working version of action (#1)
fac/rubygems-setup-gpr-action: README.md

> # RubyGems Setup GPR Action

Reviewer: I think it would make this more discoverable and easier to use in the future if we spelt out GPR in the title, and in the name of the github repository too. 
I think I'm dumb, but I can't get my head to remember what GPR means! 
This feels both a silly and an important thing to be commenting on, so sorry. 😄 

I'm wondering if it might be that I'm expecting it to be GHPR, like (ghcr.io). What do you think about changing the acronym to that?

Author: I have wondered about this as well. Typing it out in full makes for a very cumbersome name for repos, actions and stuff, but I have also struggled to remember the acronym at times. I went with it as GPR is used alot by GH them selves to refer to the service. I think using GHPR would therefore add confusion as not seen that used, even though GHCR is a thing (and yes that is also confusing, thanks GH ;-)

I have tried to expand the acronym in all the docs and descriptions to aid discoverability.

```yaml
  -name: Setup GitHub Package Registry
   uses: fac/rubygems-setup-github-package-registry-action@v1
```

hmm maybe it is not that bad. Now would be the time to change it, if we are.

Reviewer: 👆 ! I was wondering what GitHub were shortening it too. I can't find to see anywhere where they're using GPR in their docs still though.

Both ghpr.io and ghr.io are for sale:

Should I grab it?! 😆

Reviewer: I say use GHPR and change the name to longhand. It's something you don't type very often and will read 100000x more often.

Your call though if you don't want to.

Reviewer: 😂 I'm now the proud owner of ghpr.io. I'm always in need of a good domain. I'll see if GitHub want it in future.

## Description

This action will setup ruby gem access (the `~/.gem/credentials` file) for the GitHub Package Registry. If you pushing a gem to the same repo, all it needs is the default github actions token.

> The key is added under the name `github` and we also set environment variables (`GEM_HOST_API_KEY` and `GEM_HOST`) that can be used to push gems. You can do this your self, but the action is designed to also be used with the [fac/rubygems-push-action](https://github.com/fac/rubygems-push-action).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The key is added under the name `github` and we also set environment variables (`GEM_HOST_API_KEY` and `GEM_HOST`) that can be used to push gems. You can do this yourself, but the action is designed to also be used with the [fac/rubygems-push-action](https://github.com/fac/rubygems-push-action).
```

## Usage

```yaml
    steps:
    - uses: actions/checkout@v2
    - uses: ruby/setup-ruby@v1 # .ruby-version

    - name: Build Gem
      shell: bash
      run: bundle exec rake build

    - name: Setup GPR
      uses: fac/rubygems-setup-gpr-action@v1
      with:
        token: ${{ secrets.github_token }}

    - name: Push Gem
      uses: fac/rubygems-push-action@v1
```

If you want to use your own push or other customizations:

```yaml
    - name: Setup GPR
      uses: fac/rubygems-setup-gpr-action@v1
      with:
        token: ${{ secrets.package_token }}

    - name: Push Gem
      run: gem push --host "$GEM_HOST" foo.gem
```

## Inputs

### token

> The token to use to authenticate with github packages. If you are pushing a gem to the same repo with a matching name, the default token is enough:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The token to be used for authenticating with GitHub packages. If you are pushing a gem to the same repo with a matching name, the default token is enough:
```
